well here's the smash truck I was
working on it for about two hours today
got some stuff off top support got the
intake stuff back on and she still runs
I'll show you guys I'll prove it she
still runs
I get the hood back on I'll leave it up
okay just to be able to see how to put
the cameras of Mercy guys I'd be able to
see I put it I need to show you guys a
good view god damn it baby
so no stuff I got no place to put the
camera what's up Jesus init block show
you guys this truck here still roads
I'm stupid I can just show you guys in
subs cab wow that's a problem
alright I stuffed the airbag back in
vessels that good but there's still
coffee everywhere but show you guys that
still runs you don't even have a check
engine light on
there's the mileage start light still
going alright here we go
so Joe still runs
so it's good
justno intercooler though
though no cool it's the or leave it
running be back out there you go
what still runs and even though one
still works I like that nothing even
spoken either cross them leakin but also
good so tell them water for six thousand
go on junior FFR be he's the one who
owns this truck and sharing with p.m.
with you're interested in buying the
motor for six thousand and you want to
buy the whole truck talk to him about
that to back down yeah she still runs
surprise Commons power for you you guys
later